# Material-Manjaro-dark
Material-Manjaro-dark is a Plasma theme and color scheme that matches the Newaita-dark icons with Manjaro colors.
The fisrt theme I did like this was called Materia-Manjaro because it was based on the Materia dark themes base colors but going forward it will be called Material-Manjaro-dark because it is no longer based on Materia-dark theme, it is based on the breeze theme and the reason I made the switch is because I trust KDE devolopers more than a third party theme developer such as myself and since I use Arch Linux I should get the latest and greatest of whatever changes the KDE team gives the breeze theme so I thought that this was a necessary switch. To be honest the Materia-Manjaro theme was my first attempt at making a theme or color scheme and since then I have learned a great deal of how things are done and what makes things look and work better. I like the breeze window manager themes better than any because I like the gradient title bars and that gives the theme that kind of rolled back look. Also I do not like my title bars to be separated from the base window with any kind of line divider. I like it all one section and all these reasons is why I use the Breeze as my base now. It just din't seem logical to go forward any other way.I tried to follow SOME of the materia color guidelines with this theme. I make these themes for myself and test them myself. I only add these repos so that others can also use my themes if they want and I would love to here feedback from any of the people that use my themes.This theme will be posted at the KDE store as soon as I get a chance.

Newaita icons can be found here:
https://github.com/cbrnix/Newaita

